# Team Report
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Create a sketch of how intended UI will look (By 1/20/2024)
* We will create a Flask backend and connect it to a React/Typescript front end. (By 1/21/2024)
* Start exploring AutoGPT capabilities (By 1/25/2024)
* Host application on Azure, and prepare Database for future data collection (By 1/25/2024).

## Progress and Issues
* We started to brainstorm our intended final product, and its presentation.
* We established the basic architecture of our system and organized our git repository with an easily maintainable folder system.
* We struggled with creating an effective timeline that would ensure that we have all our tasks in order. We will discuss this with our TA as well as how to plan the overall architecture of the system. 

## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* Create a basic crawler and connect it to AutoGPT technology (within the next three days)
* Experiment with at least 3 different NLP models for text-generation (within the next three days) and choose the ones which most closely fit and are most successful with our use cases (within the three days after that). 
* Implement intended UI design into the website with limited functionality. Using a template or from scratch, create a modern looking UI (within the next three days). 
* Create backend endpoints for ideation generation, and other required components (within the next three days). 
* Create required tables in database with indexing. Have the ability to run queries from backend (within the next three days). 





# Contributions of Individual Team Members.
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Alon - By next week I will successfully create a backend on Flask and understand how to integrate React throughout our program.
* Jacob - Once the basic architecture of our project is created (connecting the Flask backend to the React/Typescript frontend), I will host it to Azure.
* Bhavya - I will get a better understanding of how Flask can be incorporated into our project by speaking with group members and our TA. I will also start looking at how to get started with using React to build up the basic front end of the website.
* Tim - By next week I will be able to implement Flask after understanding its foundations.
* Julia - Within the next three days, I will have finished researching how to use AutoGPT so that I may get started with implementing it throughout our backend.

## Progress and Issues
* Alon - This week I expanded on last week's research by actually implementing the foundations. This means that I successfully connected a backend on flask (just a sample python file to test on) with a front end on typescript that uses react (sample file to test connection). 
* Jacob - I set up required hosting components through Azure. Ran out of time to publish basic app architecture, and will complete next week. I created a student Azure account with free credits, created an app service, helped create the README document, and helped design intended final UI.
* Bhavya - I began researching on how I could use React to build the frontend, installed Flask on on computer, and did some research on AutoGPT and its use cases, because I am relatively new to it I helped with drawing out sketches for what our app would look like and set up an Azure account for myself.
* Tim -  I worked with Alon to set up a flask backend that connects to a react front-end. I helped create the README document, and started looking into the technology I will be working with.
* Julia - This week I worked on researching the uses of AutoGPT to determine how I may integrate it throughout our system. I practiced working with AutoGPT on sample software so that I may be ready to adapt it to our software; it was challenging to work with AutoGPT since it is relatively new to me, but I was able to push through for the time being.


## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* Alon - By the end of next week, I will set up a demo backend and connect it to a mock html/js/css frontend.
* Jacob - I will publish our web app, create required database tables with indexing, and write optimized SQL queries which will be given to those in charge of Flask backend.
* Bhavya - I will begin designing our web application using the appropriate web dev and have it connect to the backend 
* Tim - This week I want to have a functioning web application with Flask that has a skeleton with all of the APIs we will be using in our project.
* Julia - Within the three days after our Flask is fully functional, I will have made progress with implementing basic AutoGPT throughout our project. My ultimate goal for the end of the quarter is to fully incorporate our site with AutoGPT capabilities to make for an effective product.
