# Team Report
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Not applicable for this week

## Progress and Issues
* We worked on creating a requirements document that included all features and considerations for our project.
* We learned about how to define the scope of our project and how to be specific and intentive with what features we want to include.
* We had trouble with generating ideas for the use cases and implementing all the exact steps and elements of the use cases.
* So far, we do not have any blocks since we will ask our TA for further guidance on how to work with use cases and how to further narrow the scope of our project.

## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* Create a sketch of how intended UI will look (By 1/20/2024)
* We will create a Flask backend and connect it to a React/Typescript front end. (By 1/21/2024)
* Start exploring AutoGPT capabilities (By 1/25/2024)
* Host application on Azure, and prepare Database for future data collection (By 1/25/2024).




# Contributions of Individual Team Members.
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Not applicable for this week

## Progress and Issues
* Alon - This week I worked on researching about the flask api. After researching and learning about the functionalities I started to look into how to connect a flask backend to a typescript react frontend. 
* Jacob - With the team, we formalized a document which organizes our planned development throughout the course. I created reasonable milestones for each part of the project, and heped draw/brainstorm a sketch of the intended final product.
* Bhavya - This week, I focused on understanding the basics of Flask and its purposes because I haven't had any experience with it in the past. I also did some research on how it could be incorporated into OpenAi based web applications as well as connect to React.
* Tim - This week I brainstormed and wrote use cases as well as their issues.
* Julia - This week, I worked on researching potential use cases for our product and being able to synthesize my understanding of the project into a formalized document. I struggled with finding the right resources to learn about using AutoGPT, but found one useful one after a long search.

## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* Alon - By next week I will successfully create a backend on Flask and understand how to integrate React throughout our program.
* Jacob - Once the basic architecture of our project is created (connecting the Flask backend to the React/Typescript frontend), I will host it to Azure.
* Bhavya - I will get a better understanding of how Flask can be incorporated into our project by speaking with group members and our TA. I will also start looking at how to get started with using React to build up the basic front end of the website.
* Tim - By next week I will be able to implement Flask after understanding its foundations.
* Julia - Within the next three days, I will have finished researching how to use AutoGPT so that I may get started with implementing it throughout our backend.

