# Team Report
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Choose a NLP model that properly fits our project for text-generation, and begin to experiment with prompts that users will choose (within the next three days).
* Finish setting up SQL tables and queries

## Progress and Issues
* This week we worked on connecting our front end to our backend so that we were able to get a functioning frontend where our website is published.
* We had many bugs associated with our frontend, including a search bar that improperly expanded, and we will continue to work on this.
* We will talk about further clarification of what the Beta release should look like with our product manager during our Thursday meeting.

## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* Finish up polishing our frontend within the next 3 days.
* Fully incorporate AutoGPT within our backend within the next three days.
* Fix bugs related to frontend not being properly formatted within the next 3 days.





# Contributions of Individual Team Members.
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Alon - I will work more extensively on the backend to have it be able to go to multiple places by next week.
* Jacob - I will publish our web app when stable, create required database tables with indexing, and write optimized SQL queries which will be given to those in charge of Flask backend within the next two days. Help Julia with AutoGPT and Bhavya with React frontend if needed.
* Bhavya - By next week, I want to be able to have the whole front end mockup complete. I also want to get feedback on the design from various people just to get different perspectives and think of new use cases.
* Tim -  By next week I want to have the final skeleton committed and start filling them out.
* Julia - By the next three days I will have fully connected AutoGPT with our backend and will experiment with different models and optimizations.

## Progress and Issues
* Alon - This week I mainly worked on fixing an issue with a connection between the front and backend. This doesn't seem to be an issue on my personal device so I suspect it is an issue with compatibility with mac/windows. I haven't fully sourced the issue yet so I'm not sure. 
* Jacob - I built up the framework of the UI and getting it ready for backend guys to connect and set up connections.
* Bhavya - I worked with React to get the web pages to be structured better and connected to backend
* Tim - This week I set up our testing environment + created some initial tests meant for saving and retrieving data. I also worked on getting an automatic workflow through github pages. 
* Julia - This week I continued to research AutoGPT and similarly had many bugs. I am now looking into alternatives to AutoGPT and many other tutorials, and will seek help when I need it.


## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* Alon - For next week I plan to fix the issue between the backend and the frontend and make sure that it works just as designed. 
* Jacob - Finish UI and create SQL for permanent data storage.
* Bhavya - I want to finihs making the main two UI pages and ensure that the transitioning between the two pages is fine.
* Tim - I will connect our backend to the database, to the point where we can store and retireve data by clicking a button in the UI.
* Julia - I will fully incorporate a GPT model within our backend for our beta release within the next couple of days.
