# Team Report
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Create a basic crawler and connect it to AutoGPT technology (within the next three days)
* Experiment with at least 3 different NLP models for text-generation (within the next three days) and choose the ones which most closely fit and are most successful with our use cases (within the three days after that). 
* Implement intended UI design into the website with limited functionality. Using a template or from scratch, create a modern looking UI (within the next three days). 
* Create backend endpoints for ideation generation, and other required components (within the next three days). 
* Create required tables in database with indexing. Have the ability to run queries from backend (within the next three days). 

## Progress and Issues
* We created backend endpoints for ideation generation and created a modern looking UI.
* We researched more into AutoGPT and began the first steps of implementing it into our model
* We struggled with being able to connect the AutoGPT with the backend due to installation issues, and plan to have this resolved soon. We will discuss our overall progress and what steps should be next with our project manager.
* Struggled making enough time for database design.

## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* Choose a NLP model that properly fits our project for text-generation, and begin to experiment with prompts that users will choose (within the next three days).
* Finish setting up SQL tables and queries





# Contributions of Individual Team Members.
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Alon - By the end of next week, I will set up a demo backend and connect it to a mock html/js/css frontend.
* Jacob - I will publish our web app, create required database tables with indexing, and write optimized SQL queries which will be given to those in charge of Flask backend.
* Bhavya - I will begin designing our web application using the appropriate web dev and have it connect to the backend 
* Tim - This week I want to have a functioning web application with Flask that has a skeleton with all of the APIs we will be using in our project.
* Julia - Within the three days after our Flask is fully functional, I will have made progress with implementing basic AutoGPT throughout our project. My ultimate goal for the end of the quarter is to fully incorporate our site with AutoGPT capabilities to make for an effective product.

## Progress and Issues
* Alon - 
* Jacob - Web app wasn't stable enough for publish, and will create SQL tables within 2 days of this progress report due to falling behind in other classes. Couldn't make time this week to make any significant changes but will free up in the next couple days, and after midterms.
* Bhavya - I was able to create a mockup of our sketch using React. Currently, I have the main page mockup where users can brainstorm startup ideas as well as ask GPT to give them more ideas and guidance with their own ideas.
* Tim -  After getting flask setup and running on my laptop, I started adding the skeleton for out endpoints and got most of them in, but havent committed yet.
* Julia - I started to connect AutoGPT with our backend and researched into how to use AutoGPT. I struggled with installation errors and being able to connect AutoGPT, since this is a new skill for me, but I plan on having this resolved soon.


## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* Alon - 
* Jacob - I will publish our web app when stable, create required database tables with indexing, and write optimized SQL queries which will be given to those in charge of Flask backend within the next two days. Help Julia with AutoGPT and Bhavya with React frontend if needed.
* Bhavya - By next week, I want to be able to have the whole front end mockup complete. I also want to get feedback on the design from various people just to get different perspectives and think of new use cases.
* Tim -  By next week I want to have the final skeleton committed and start filling them out.
* Julia - By the next three days I will have fully connected AutoGPT with our backend and will experiment with different models and optimizations.
