# Team Report
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Have AutoGPT connected to our program within the next three days.
* Debug our backend fully within the next three days.
* Experiment with adding more data to our app to see how it scales within the next three days.

## Progress and Issues
* We worked on establishing a peer report to analyze our classmate's work.
* We worked on establishing documentation and further creating tests for our system.
* We had challenges with setting up AutoGPT, but we have pivoted and are now working on incorporating market analysis into our project.

## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* Create solid documentation within the next three days.
* Increase our test suite within the next three days.
* Create a basic web crawler to analyze market gaps within the next three days.





# Contributions of Individual Team Members.
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Alon - The goal for next week is to make the site have faster loading times and talk about how we want to integrate gpt best into the project.
* Jacob - Add buttons for new pages, add loading feature, speed up process, and and check boxes for selection and deletion.
* Bhavya - Next week I will gain more knowledge about the front end to make it more polished.
* Tim - This next week I want to add additional GPT endpoints to add more functionality.
* Julia - Once I get my laptop back, I will choose an AutoGPT model within the next three days to implement.

## Progress and Issues
* Alon - This week I was working on making a new feature that lets us create a new history. This is a full stack feature as I had to make changes in the front end and back end. 
* Jacob - I finalized features before beta release, added loading features.
* Bhavya - I began working on the explore page and brainstormed how to structure it
* Tim - This week I worked on testing additional GPT endpoints, to support additional features on our website. I ran into some issues where the results aren't consistently in the same format, and am working on making them more consistent.
* Julia - My laptop is back so I am working on AutoGPT. I struggled with installations so have since pivotted and am testing out having a web crawler that finds preliminary market gaps based on well-established resources and then a feature that will output these industries.


## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* Alon - I plan to finish this new feature by next week and work on new ones we want to implement. 
* Jacob - Add buttons for new pages, speed up process, and and check boxes for selection and deletion.
* Bhavya - Have a draft of the explore page with step-by-step instructions completed
* Tim - This next week I want to wrap up my current work, and be available to help with other features.
* Julia - Within the next three days, I will have a basic web crawler that is able to output a couple of industries with a market gap.
