# Team Report
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Finish up polishing our frontend within the next 3 days.
* Fully incorporate AutoGPT within our backend within the next three days.
* Fix bugs related to frontend not being properly formatted within the next 3 days.

## Progress and Issues
* We worked on completing the details needed for our beta release, including testing and debugging our program, making the front end fully functional, connecting the front end with the backend, creating a SQL server and incorporating it throughout our backend, and creating a presentation that displayed our findings.

## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* Have AutoGPT connected to our program within the next three days.
* Debug our backend fully within the next three days.
* Experiment with adding more data to our app to see how it scales within the next three days.





# Contributions of Individual Team Members.
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Alon - For next week I plan to fix the issue between the backend and the frontend and make sure that it works just as designed. 
* Jacob - Finish UI and create SQL for permanent data storage.
* Bhavya - I want to finihs making the main two UI pages and ensure that the transitioning between the two pages is fine.
* Tim - I will connect our backend to the database, to the point where we can store and retireve data by clicking a button in the UI.
* Julia - I will fully incorporate a GPT model within our backend for our beta release within the next couple of days.

## Progress and Issues
* Alon -  This week I worked on connecting the API with the front end and processing data from the backend into being displayed on the front end. 
* Jacob - I finished the UI, created database, and helped with connection between UI and backend. Fixed some bugs too.
* Bhavya - This week I worked on developing a prototype of the front-end and creating a presentation. I struggled with the front end.
* Tim - I built a working GPT endpoint, that takes in our idea parameters and will generate new ideas. It stores these ideas in the database. I also worked on improving the tests and kept our CI working.
* Julia - I was unable to complete AutoGPT work this week since much of my progress was local and my laptop broke. However, I created tests for the backend and some mock data to allow for us to demonstrate our capabilities during our presentation.


## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* Alon -  The goal for next week is to make the site have faster loading times and talk about how we want to integrate gpt best into the project.
* Jacob - Add buttons for new pages, add loading feature, speed up process, and and check boxes for selection and deletion.
* Bhavya - Next week I will gain more knowledge about the front end to make it more polished.
* Tim - This next week I want to add additional GPT endpoints to add more functionality.
* Julia - Once I get my laptop back, I will choose an AutoGPT model within the next three days to implement.
