# Team Report
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Optimize AutoGPT to generate more niche ideas by the end of this week.
* Complete writing documentation for our code within the next three days.
* Add more extensive testing to our code within the next three days.

## Progress and Issues
* We worked on completely finishing up our UI, adding a step-by-step guide section and a market analysis section to our page.
* We ensured that we were able to properly delete entries and cleaned up our UI and backend signfiicantly while also adding testing and documentation.
* We worked on completing our AutoGPT and allowing it to be fully functional, searching the web for market gap analysis strategies.

## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* For all - Present the DEMO and our final project, as well as complete individual reflections!





# Contributions of Individual Team Members.
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Alon - My plan for next week is to implement any features we have on the backlog and make our product production level.
* Jacob - Add buttons for new pages, speed up process, and and check boxes for selection and deletion.
* Bhavya - Expand on the explore page and have it connect to the backend to make it fully functional
* Tim - This week I want to finish the how to build your business functionality, and connect it to the front-end
* Julia - I will optimize AutoGPT for more niche markets within the next three days.

## Progress and Issues
* Alon - I worked on polishing up the UI and putting the entire website together so that it runs smoothly. I also created a SQL backend to allow for our data to process smoothly. It was a lot of work near the end but very much worth it.
* Jacob - I worked on implementing more endpoints and polishing up the UI and backend, allowing for the project to work smoothly. I worked on it for a while and ran into typical debugging concerns, but am proud of my product.
* Bhavya - I worked on creating the frontend design for the step-by-step guide and creating user documentation, which was quite extensive since our product is very complex, but I perservered and was able to complete the product.
* Tim - I worked on implementing the backend for the step-by-step guide, which took a long time because of a lack of information at times, yet I was able to complete it and allow for success.
* Julia - I worked on finetuning the AutoGPT so we calculate a niche score of ideas and also get information across the web. It was tricky since I ran into many installation errors and was working with modules I was previously unfamiliar with, but I was able to overcome my challenge to deliver a final product.


## Plans and Goals for Next Week

* For all - Present the DEMO and our final project, as well as complete individual reflections!
