# Team Report
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Create solid documentation within the next three days.
* Increase our test suite within the next three days.
* Create a basic web crawler to analyze market gaps within the next three days.

## Progress and Issues
* We worked on implementing AutoGPT, optimizing our backend, and fixing bugs within our frontend.
* We are currently working on prompt engineering specific tasks within AutoGPT and allowing our backend to run very fast.
* We struggled with installation for AutoGPT, but eventually were able to overcome these issues.
* We will ask our project manager for tips regarding what should be present for next week's deliverable.

## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* Optimize AutoGPT to generate more niche ideas by the end of this week.
* Complete writing documentation for our code within the next three days.
* Add more extensive testing to our code within the next three days.





# Contributions of Individual Team Members.
## Goals from the Previous Week
* Alon - I plan to finish this new feature by next week and work on new ones we want to implement. 
* Jacob - Add buttons for new pages, speed up process, and and check boxes for selection and deletion.
* Bhavya -
* Tim - This next week I want to wrap up my current work, and be available to help with other features.
* Julia - Within the next three days, I will have a basic web crawler that is able to output a couple of industries with a market gap.

## Progress and Issues
* Alon - This week I did some research into some autoGPT and brainstormed and discussed new features we need. 
* Jacob - 
* Bhavya - I was able to finish a hard-coded draft and layout for the explore page with step-by-step instructions to create the startup
* Tim - I have been working on creating a separate web crawler, as well as create the GPT endpoint for instructions on how to build your business
* Julia - I worked on implementing a basic web crawler and a simple version of AutoGPT for our program to use. I will continue to modify and advance AutoGPT, allowing it to be more impactful.


## Plans and Goals for Next Week
* Alon - My plan for next week is to implement any features we have on the backlog and make our product production level.
* Jacob - 
* Bhavya - Expand on the explore page and have it connect to the backend to make it fully functional
* Tim - This week I want to finish the how to build your business functionality, and connect it to the front-end
* Julia - I will optimize AutoGPT for more niche markets within the next three days.
